c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo.dll.config
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo.pdb
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Unity.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Unity.Container.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Unity.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Unity.Container.pdb
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\obj\Debug\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo.dll
c:\users\admobs\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\obj\Debug\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo.pdb
C:\Users\ADMOBS\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\obj\Debug\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo.dll.config
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo.pdb
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\EntityFramework.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Owin.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Unity.Abstractions.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Unity.Container.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\WebGrease.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Unity.Abstractions.pdb
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Unity.Container.pdb
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\EntityFramework.xml
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\obj\Debug\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\obj\Debug\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo.dll
B:\Unittest\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApi-master\WebApi\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo\obj\Debug\MicrosoftUnityDependencyInjectionApiDemo.pdb
